docs: Clarify RBAC requirement for local users (#3361)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/user-management/index.md

!!! warning "Make sure to read about security limitations related to local users in [security considerations](../../security_considerations.md) document"

!!! note

>     When you create local users, each of those users will need additional [RBAC rules](../rbac.md) set up, otherwise they will fall back to the `read-only` RBAC rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When you create local users, each of those users will need additional [RBAC rules](../rbac.md) set up, otherwise they will fall back to the default policy specified by `policy.default` field of the `argocd-rbac-cm` ConfigMap.
```

Author: Thanks, it's absolutely correct :+1:
